# Travel-Management-System
IDEA :
Travel agencies have to deal with a lot of customers daily. Hence it is very important to maintain records of all the customers. For this purpose we require software that makes it easy to maintain the customer details. The records of various customers can be stored in a single file. Travel Agency Management System in C++ with MySQL is a system that stores the traveller’s travel data in the MySQL database and the system can also add, delete and edit user information in database. Here the user can add new trip in the database and edit or delete the trip route as their need.

METHODOLOGY :
The C++ program can store data (MySQL) of the travellers and that data is directly stored in the database. The user can also store the trips and modify the trips as their need. The database contains two tables, one for storing user information and another one stores trip information. In this project “Travel Agency Management System in C++ with MySQL” facilities like registration, search, display, modification, delete etc are provided. The software searches the client data in the database it has created. Moreover, the software designed here is used to arrange travel services, give new and improved services. The main objective of the project Travel Agency Management System in C++ with MySQL is to make avail to the customers all sorts of travelling services. A host of services such as registration, display, search, modify etc are provided. In the registration step, the client has to provide his personal details. In the option of display all the client information is read like name, phone, cost etc. in the search tab, if information of a particular client is required, then that be obtained. The program features New Travel Trip, Show Users, Find User, Edit User, Delete User, Add Trip, Edit Trip and Delete Trip. In the modify option, customer details can be changed or updated. In the delete option, record of the particular client such as his name, address and other details are deleted from the database. 

USE :
The project explained here is very useful in maintaining the customer’s details and can work on the existing records of customer details. Any travel agency can make use of it for saving customer details in database. The workload of the travel agency manager is also considerably reduced. This application can be easily implemented under various situations. We can add new features as and when we require.  Reusability of this application is also possible. In the near future, the online registration can be implemented. 
